I found this Alessandra Post Fantastic! And, only those who live with the problem, can evaluate. (I take this space to narrate this case _) My son, who had his first outbreak at the age of seventeen, (coincidence in a siesta fair of passion) Where "Marco", he realized that there was a Girl who wanted to talk to him. ... And there he continually recited the life and death of Christ for 24 hours.... Then He fell into total apathy, and silence, for several days, and then taken to a psychiatrist, he prescribed the standard medication of Halo pyridol (haldol) whose dose impregnated, and, we solve with an allergic ant (fenergan)
And then we started the race in search of a way out. Initiated in the Roman Church, until the Afro spiritualism. Ilhéus-Vitoria-Salvador -Porções- Rio de Janeiro- Ibiuna (SP) Medications, conventions, sympathies, prayers prayers We call for everything ...
And when he noticed the problem, and heard the mother's report, about the side effects of the medication, he suggested PIMOZIDE (Orap) Cujo Outcome, demonstrated a a satisfactory result, well controlled, and allowing a more comfortable daily follow-up. I started entering the CAPS, but after 1 year or more the team changed (policy changed the mayor). And crowded a lot, contrary to the objective. It was out of this type of therapy, and it happened, attempts to change medication. Luckily (because we depended on the SUS system) A professional Mega, tried to change the medication for new top-of-the-line launches and high cost That the public system according to (wages level) The effects were negative, and The Physician, after all the attempts and observations, returned to (PIMOZIDA) adjusting again the behavior of the patient, who uses this ORAP product at around 18 years ... E we fear that the industry that markets this substance, Take the Line Product, due to the cost, in relation to New Releases, of a high cost.
Seeing also, several Colleagues of this horrifying syndrome Medicated with up to 6 types of Medications, Robotized, through a suggested chemical straitjacket, to try to control the case and the familiar coexistence.
For there are innumerable types of behavioral imbalances, called Schizophrenia.